Make ERC2771Context return original sender address if `msg.data.length <= 20` (#4481)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: .changeset/unlucky-beans-obey.md

---
'openzeppelin-solidity': patch
---

> `ERC2771Context`: Return the forwarder address whenever `msg.data.length` is not appended with the request signer address (i.e. length is less than 20 bytes).

Reviewer: I'm not sure what "`msg.data.length` is not appended with" means. The address is appended to te msg.data, and the msg.data.length increases by 20.

```suggestion
`ERC2771Context`: Return the forwarder address whenever the `msg.data` or calls sent by a trusted forwarder is not long enough to contain the request signer address (i.e. `msg.data.length` is less than 20 bytes).
```

> `ERC2771Context`: Return the forwarder address whenever `msg.data.length` is not appended with the request signer address (i.e. length is less than 20 bytes).

Reviewer 2: The current description is a bit misleading because it sounds like we can know whether the request signer address is appended, but the only thing we can know is if the length is greater than 20 bytes.

```suggestion
`ERC2771Context`: Return the forwarder address whenever `msg.data` is smaller than 20 bytes as specified by ERC-2771, since the request signer address can't be extracted.
```

Reviewer 2: Reviewing the new changeset...

Author: Note that the suggestion you're making is missing that the change only applies when called via the forwarder. Now that I think about it, it seems that the forwarder address is always returned if the calldata length is less than 20 bytes.

> `ERC2771Context`: Return the forwarder address whenever the `msg.data` of a call originating from a trusted forwarder is not long enough to contain the request signer address (i.e. `msg.data.length` is less than 20 bytes).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ERC2771Context`: Return the forwarder address whenever the `msg.data` of a call originating from a trusted forwarder is not long enough to contain the request signer address (i.e. `msg.data.length` is less than 20 bytes), as specified by ERC-2771.
```

Author: Thoughts on?

```suggestion
`ERC2771Context`: Return the forwarder address whenever the `msg.data` of a call originated from a trusted forwarder is not long enough to contain the request signer address (i.e. `msg.data.length` is less than 20 bytes), as specified by ERC-2771
```

Reviewer: Either is good for me. When you reach concensus you can merge without my formal approval.

Author: No issues 👌
